1. - Since it's only accessible asynchronously, it makes it harder, or more of a hassle, to track and test. Professor mentioned in lecture that the more degrees distant a tool is from the developer, the less likely they would actually touch it. He mentioned this in reference to a team update sheet or something of the sort, but I think it relates similarly. 
    - By loose typing, I assume its referencing the fact that many normally error producing lines are ignored. This is definitely a hassle when trying to test, since likely faulty code would still execute and we all know how annoying runtime errors are. The loose typing might also refer to the fact that its such a straightforwardly simple language, in which variable declarations aren't based off of scope rather than type. This is a doubled edges sword for sure, as it can also lead to many unexpected outputs and hard to find bugs. 
    - The web platform that JavaScript uses is dependent on the user, so I'm sure just the variety is enough of a hassle. Not all platforms function equally, and some might be easier to use or more common but that doesn't remove the fact that others exist. It's probably just an issue of that unknown possibility, that some browsers might support a feature while others don't. 

2. I believe it was mentioned that its loosely typed nature was to avoid crashes resulting in a loss of lots of information. By allowing the program to keep running, you can avoid losing out on information for the trade off of unexpected consequences. 

3. Compiled languages are processed before running and then chosen to run on command. Interpreted languages are ones that are compiled and ran simutaneously. JavaScript is definitely an interpreted language, as it only runs upon a user opening the page. A benefit is that its very reactive and can easily update due to user inputs. A drawback is that it can easily have unexpected consequences, as there are less restrictions due to the lack of a solid compiling check. 

4. I am a firm believer in fundamentals being important to understanding the more broaded topics. I believe Professor is the same in that sense. By getting a better understanding of the core beneath all the other frameworks out there, you can have more breadth between the frameworks and you avoid basing your knowledge off a black box. The main drawback I can think of is that most people tend to use frameworks rather than actual JavaScript, which is a drawback in the sense that what we're learning isn't practical but just information.

5. I assume we'll be using JavaScript along with CSS and HTML to create some sort of website for the final project. With that in mind, this lab helped introduce us to Javascript while also showing us some DevTools to help us in debugging. 